Add note on endpoint URL consistency for pagination (#866)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/pagination.adoc

body with either of these links. (It should be equivalent to just resend
the original body.)

An endpoint might be exposed under different URLs (the protocols, hostnames and ports may vary).
The protocol, hostame and port of the pagination links should match the ones used in the request

> this response is for. This avoids scenarios where one would configure access-list rules that

Author: ```suggestion
The protocol, hostame and port of the pagination links should match the ones used in the first request. This avoids scenarios where one would configure access-list rules that
```
